What I like- Use of illustrations makes the site more friendly and appealing.- Minimal and simple to follow.
Things I noticed and would like to changeUI:- Alignment issues and inconsistent spacing    - The site logo and company name, slogan don't center align properly.    - The footer section of the site doesn't align with the outer bounds of header content (Mobile view)
Colors:    - The "Delivering Impact Across Three Core Areas" section tiles have a background color that clashes with the blue color behind them.
Typography:    - The hierarchy of titles and descriptions could be improved with slight changes in font colors 
UX:    - Links to other pages have inconstant behavior.      The 'services' link is a dropdown that is not distinguished so the user won't know to expect it. (Desktop view)    The services section requires an extra click to open the relevant links which can be avoided by keeping it open. (Mobile view)    - The text "Call to action" button on the first section with the label "Get a Quote" becomes black when hovered which lowers the contrast and becomes harder to read.    - When hovering over the "Delivering Impact Across Three Core Areas" section tiles the background color doesn't have a transition so it snaps between colors which is jarring. Also, the text has different transition timing so for a while the text loses contrast.    - The site isn't fully responsive and the layout is loaded based on conditions at initial loading. Which makes it break when the user tries to resize the window.

What did I change in the mockup?- The inconsistent spacing and alignment of the elements
